So there is a, you, you write about it straight,
but there's a humor to it because it's an absurdly evil place,
I suppose. Yeah. A bunch of people I asked,
I asked, uh, I said that I'm talking to you in a bunch of past questions. Oh,
good. I gotta hear.
From the PLE you asked me before we start recording, I specifically said, no,
it was in my contract. <laugh>.
Uh, yeah. And you gave, I gave you all the pink Skittles or whatever. Uh,
but they, oh, think.
Skit, you know.
Pink I'm trolling. Michael, let me explain to you how that works.
Uh, and people should go, uh, malice.locals.com, which,
and sign up and, uh, pay. I think the membership fee several thousand dollars.
It's very it's it's yeah, it's not, it's not for the layman. Yeah. But uh,
the service <laugh> you get a coat with it. Uh, but yeah,
I, I went there posted a lot of really brilliant people there.
People should join that community. If you find, uh, Michael interesting.
Or if you just want to go and say, why he's wrong,
it's a great place to have that place for.
That. <laugh> I assure you.
Uh, yeah, a lot of really kind people. So anyway,
there's a bunch of people ask that we should talk about humor. Okay.
So pretend hypothetically speaking the, then I'm a robot <laugh>
<laugh> asking you to explain humor to me. <laugh> what,
so dear reader, I mean, there's a humor. There's there's,
you're so wonderfully dance between serious dark
topics and then
serious dark humor. Yeah. Can you try to, uh,
if you were to write like a, I don't know, Wikipedia article,
maybe a book about your philosophy of humor,
what do you think is the role of humor in all of this? Well.
A joke is like a baby. You can't, uh,
dissect it and then put it back together and expect it to work.
Trust me on this one. <laugh> fight. No matter how you carve that thing up,
it's not gonna be working the next day. And,
and you need it to sew those little sneakers with those hands. Oh, um,
I don't know that humor is something that is very explainable people.
There's something called clapper where this is like the worst kind of humor
where people applaud. Cuz they agree with what you're saying.
A lap that's still that's that's the kind as the poetry.
You're reading. Yeah.
The, and the drag Queens do that too. Um, I think cuz they have the nails.
<laugh> visceral. You laugh. It's a visceral reaction. Yeah.
When someone on Twitter is insisting, you know, that's not funny,
you're not in a position to make that claim and let's, let's go,
let's go back to North Korea. I had a refugee, uh,
I knew and he went to high school here and he was talking to his buddies and
they said, um, Hey, remember when we were kids, we had Pokemon and he goes,
oh yeah. Except instead of Pokemon, I watched my dad star to death,
which is the truth. Now who are,
who are any of us to tell him, not to make that joke? Yeah.
I don't know what it's like watching anyone, including my dad, uh,
star to death and my dad's fatty. So he's not going hungry anytime soon. Um,
so it's very but bizarre to me when
people feel comfortable,
precluding others from making jokes, especially.
And I think this is a very Jewish thing like this kind of galls humor,
especially when it's some laughing about a personal, uh,
loss or experience that they've had.
Humor is a great way to mitigate um, uh, uh,
pain and suffering. But it's also, I think this why it's a Jewish thing. It's,
it's a black thing. When you are a marginalized community or poorer, it's free,
uh, telling stories, telling jokes or songs, you don't have to have money,
but you can have joy and happiness.
And I think that's why you find it so much more in kind of lower status
communities than you're finding like wasps who are notoriously, uh, humorless,
which.
Is strange because people pay you a lot of money for the jokes you do.
So it's not really free.
<Laugh> yeah, well, Nope. They don't have to pay me. I it's it's um,
appreciated, but not expected.
<Laugh> I find my voice cracking every time I try to make a joke.
Like I fail miserably at this. Uh, so some people, uh.
You're still in beta. That's what I alpha sure. <laugh> yeah. Being an alphas,
like being a lady, if you have to tell people you are you aren't? No.
I'm meant alpha version not. Oh.
Okay. I don't know. You're robot. Goly cook. <laugh>.
I not going there. Okay. Uh, who you talking to? In my own head?
I'm talking to myself in my own head. Okay. Speaking of North Korea.